# rust-pet-project
<p>In this assignment, you will be getting familiar with Rust’s notion of ownership, creating your own enum, and utilizing Rust’s built in Option enum in order to write Null safe code. Patrick has been trying to use C in order to write a program that keeps track of his favorite music artists but he keeps running into segmentation faults and Null pointer exceptions. He has hired you to instead write the program in Rust, because he thinks the language might better protect against these issues. </p><br>
	<p>Patrick wants to store his musicians in a vector. With this is mind, you should modify the file musicians.rs, in which you will create a Musician type, whose variants include SoloAct (which has an associated String object representing artist name), and Band (which has an associated String object representing the band’s name, as well as an 8 bit unsigned integer (u8) which represents the number of members in the band. </p><br>
	<p>Patrick wants to be able to search for an artist by name. You should create a function search_artist, which takes Patrick’s musicians and a String object containing the name of the desired artist. Since Patrick occasionally forgets whether Tame Impala is a band or just one guy, the function should give him access to the Musician rather than just returning true or false: with that said, think about what should happen if Patrick searches for a Musician that is not present in his vector. Additionally, make sure Patrick does not lose access to his Musicians whenever he searches one up. Also, both the enum and the function you create need to be public (use the pub keyword).</p>
	<p>Finally, Patrick wants you to write a num_members function, which takes a Musician as a parameter and returns the number of members it has. If the Musician is a solo act, the function should return 1: otherwise it should return the number of members in the band. Remember, this function should make sure the caller's ownership of the Musician in question is preserved. </p>
